Common Reasoning Trap: Assuming conflict avoidance preserves team harmony, when
it causally guarantees artificial harmony and stifled innovation. Team dysfunction
is a predictable causal chain. The absence of trust mathematically
guarantees the fear of conflict. Without trust, your team will
not engage in the productive debate required for innovation. Perform
a critique: Evaluate a hypothetical team that consistently fails to
commit to strategic decisions, resulting in ambiguity and hesitation. Trace
this failure back through the causal chain. The lack of
commitment is a direct symptom of the fear of conflict,
which itself is rooted in an absence of trust.